Update scale-clusters.mdx (#722)
runpod/docs: instant-clusters/scale-clusters.mdx

## What changes when you scale

> Each pod you add contributes the same GPU configuration as your existing cluster nodes. For example, a cluster with 2 pods running 2× H100 SXMs each (4× H100 SXMs / 320 GB total) becomes a 3-pod cluster with 6× H100 SXMs (480 GB) after adding one pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each pod you add contributes the same GPU configuration as your existing cluster nodes. For example, a cluster with 2 pods running 8× H100 SXMs each (16× H100 SXMs / 1280 GB total) becomes a 3-pod cluster with 24× H100 SXMs (1280+1920 GB) after adding one pod.
```

> Each pod you add contributes the same GPU configuration as your existing cluster nodes. For example, a cluster with 2 pods running 8× H100 SXMs each (16× H100 SXMs / 1280 GB total) becomes a 3-pod cluster with 24× H100 SXMs (1280+1920 GB) after adding one pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each pod you add contributes the same GPU configuration as your existing cluster nodes. For example, a cluster with 2 pods running 8× H100 SXMs each (16× H100 SXMs / 1280 GB total) becomes a 3-pod cluster with 24× H100 SXMs (1920 GB) after adding one pod.
```
